README.md, before:

# Blackbox Recorder — Terminal Activity Tracker

**Description:**  
Blackbox Recorder logs file operations and generates visual proofs. Ideal for auditing, demos, and professional documentation.

---

## Features

- Record file actions: `create`, `delete`, `move`, `rename`.
- Replay recorded sessions exactly as they happened.
- Generate GIF proofs of terminal actions.
- View stats of recorded actions for auditing.
- Safe dummy file usage — real files remain untouched.
- Professional-ready documentation for recruiters and clients.

---

## Requirements

```bash
python3 -m venv blackbox-venv
source blackbox-venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
pip install blackbox-recorder==1.0.0

Usage Guide

1️⃣ Record a dummy session:

cd ~/blackbox-dummy
bb record create dummy_files/file1.txt
bb record create dummy_files/file2.txt
bb record create dummy_files/file3.txt
bb record create dummy_files/file4.txt
bb record delete dummy_files/file2.txt
bb record move dummy_files/file3.txt dummy_files/folder1/
bb record move dummy_files/file4.txt dummy_files/folder2/
bb record move dummy_files/file1.txt dummy_files/file1_renamed.txt

2️⃣ Replay the latest session:

LATEST_SESSION=$(ls -t blackbox_logs | grep session | head -n1)
bb replay blackbox_logs/$LATEST_SESSION

3️⃣ Generate the GIF proof:

bb visualize blackbox_logs/$LATEST_SESSION

📸 Proofs (Screenshots & GIF)

Step 1 — Initial Dummy File Creation
![Step 1](assets/screenshot1.png)
Step 2 — Delete & Move Operations
![Step 2](assets/screenshot2.png)
Step 3 — Stats Output
![Step 3](assets/screenshot3.png)
Step 4 — Replay Output
![Step 4](assets/screenshot4.png)
Step 5 — GIF Generation Success
![Step 5](assets/screenshot5.png)
![Session Demo](assets/blackbox_demo.gif)

🔎 GIF shows one frame per action to highlight each step clearly.
Recommended .gitignore

blackbox-venv/
__pycache__/
*.pyc
blackbox_logs/*.json
blackbox_logs/*.gif
# ⚠️ Do NOT ignore assets/

License & Version

License: MIT
Version: 1.0.0

Commit message:

Fix README: actual renderable screenshots & GIF

README.md, after:

# Blackbox Recorder — Terminal Activity Tracker

**Description:**  
Blackbox Recorder logs file operations and generates visual proofs. Ideal for auditing, demos, and professional documentation.

---

## Features

- Record file actions: create, delete, move, rename
- Replay recorded sessions exactly as they happened
- Generate GIF proofs of terminal actions
- View stats of recorded actions for auditing
- Safe dummy file usage — real files remain untouched
- Professional-ready documentation for recruiters and clients

---

## Requirements

```bash
python3 -m venv blackbox-venv
source blackbox-venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
pip install blackbox-recorder==1.0.0

Usage Guide
1️⃣ Record a dummy session

cd ~/blackbox-dummy
bb record create dummy_files/file1.txt
bb record create dummy_files/file2.txt
bb record create dummy_files/file3.txt
bb record create dummy_files/file4.txt
bb record delete dummy_files/file2.txt
bb record move dummy_files/file3.txt dummy_files/folder1/
bb record move dummy_files/file4.txt dummy_files/folder2/
bb record move dummy_files/file1.txt dummy_files/file1_renamed.txt

2️⃣ Replay the latest session

LATEST_SESSION=$(ls -t blackbox_logs | grep session | head -n1)
bb replay blackbox_logs/$LATEST_SESSION

3️⃣ Generate the GIF proof

bb visualize blackbox_logs/$LATEST_SESSION

The GIF is saved under assets/blackbox_demo.gif.
📸 Proofs (Screenshots & GIF)
Step 1 — Initial Dummy File Creation

Step 2 — Delete & Move Operations

Step 3 — Stats Output

Step 4 — Replay Output

Step 5 — GIF Generation Success

🎞️ Full Session GIF Proof

Full Session

    🔎 GIF shows one frame per action to highlight each step clearly.

Recommended .gitignore

blackbox-venv/
__pycache__/
*.pyc
blackbox_logs/*.json
blackbox_logs/*.gif
# ⚠️ Do NOT ignore assets/ — screenshots/GIF need to be in repo

License & Version

    License: MIT

    Version: 1.0.0
